Some quick doc so I don't forget how to use this.

tagger [file|directory]...

If no files or directories are given, the current directory "." is
used.

Finding the .db file:

Check TAGGER_DB in the environment.  If not set, search up the
directory tree from the current directory for a .taggerdb file to tell
us what sqlite file to use.  If no .taggerdb is found, use tags,db in
the current directory.  TAGGER_DB in the environment overrides this.

Navigation:

The left and right arrows move to the previous and next photos in the
current photo's directory.  Photos are sorted alphabetically by name,
with numbers within filenames sorted by value, not alphabetically, so
"photo_9.jpg" will sort before "photo_10.jpg".

The up and down arrows move to the previous or next argument, which is
either a file or a directory.

C-0 moves to the first file in the directory.

C-u moves to the next untagged photo in the directory.

A-u moves to the next unrated photo in the directory.

C-d switches to/from .daleted.

Ctrl-n moves to the next directory in the file system.

Ctrl-p moves to the previous directory in the file system.


Operations:

- Ctrl-< losslessly rotates 90 degrees counter-clockwise.

- Ctrl-> losslessly rotates 90 degrees clockwise.

- Ctrl-6 losslessly crops a photo taken by my 6mm lens so the circular
  portion fills the frame.

File management:

- Delete deletes the current photo as well as any files with the same
  basename, so raw files and xmp files and whatever else are all
  deleted together.  After deleting, it moves to either the next file
  in the directory or the next argument, according to whether the last
  navigation used the left/right arrows or the up/down arrows.  This allows
  working with a set of files in a dorectory or a set of files given
  as arguments.

  Deleted files are just moved the the .deleted subdirctory.  They can
  be reviewed by navigating to the .deleted subdirectory with C-d.
  Deleting from .deleted undeletes by moving the files back up a
  level.

- Ctrl-m moves the photo to a new directory.  A dialog pops up to
  enter the new directory name.  If the most recent file ctrl-m'd in
  thie session was moved from the current photo's directory, then the
  directory it was moved to is used as the default.  Otherwise the
  current photo's directory is used as the default.  If the default
  contains a date like "2016-08-23" it is replaced with the current
  photo's date.  When entering the new directory name, Ctrl-d will
  insert the current photo's date if it's known.

- Alt-m moves the current photo to a new directory without asking
  where to move it.  It uses Ctrl-m's default directory, including any
  date string substitution.  This can be used to rapidly move a
  sequence of photos to the same directory or a set of directories
  with the same name but varying dates.

- Ctrl-z is undo.  It will undo rotate, crop, and delete.  If a file
  has been rotated multiple times it will undo to the original
  rotation.  XXX is will undo move too, right?

Tagging
< >

Rating and unrating
1-6
C-1 - C-5
-

Zooming and scrolling
Double-click
Drag
C-0
C-9

When navigating to a different photo, the current zoom and scroll
settings are kept if possible.  This allows viewing the same portion
of a sequence of photos as they are navigated through.

